Update manifest-v3.md from Jan to June (#3041)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/extensions-chromium/developer-guide/manifest-v3.md

**The Microsoft Edge team is currently in the process of updating this MV3 migration timeline.**

| Timeframe | Microsoft Partner Center changes | Microsoft Edge changes |
|--- |--- |--- |
| July 2022 (already in effect) | Microsoft Partner Center will no longer accept new Manifest V2 extensions with visibility set as `Hidden` or `Public`. | No change. |
| TBD | Microsoft Partner Center will no longer accept updates to existing Manifest V2 extensions. Developers can submit updates for migrating a V2 extension to V3. | Microsoft Edge stops running Manifest V2 extensions. Enterprises can allow Manifest V2 extensions to run on Microsoft Edge, by using enterprise policies. |
| TBD | No change. | Manifest V2 extensions will no longer function in Microsoft Edge, even with the use of enterprise policies. |

> Manifest V2 extensions will continue to be supported at least until June 2024, in Microsoft Edge and Partner Center.  Manifest V2 extensions will continue to be supported through enterprise policies at least until June 2025.  For the latest dates in the Chromium Manifest V2 support timeline, see [Manifest timeline for the Chromium browser engine](#manifest-timeline-for-the-chromium-browser-engine), above.

Reviewer: Siv, review this paragraph.

Reviewer: Siv approved PR in chat PR3041

| TBD - See note above | Microsoft Partner Center will no longer accept updates to existing Manifest V2 extensions. Developers can submit updates for migrating a V2 extension to V3. | Microsoft Edge stops running Manifest V2 extensions. Enterprises can allow Manifest V2 extensions to run on Microsoft Edge using Enterprise policies. |
| TBD - See note above | No change. | Manifest V2 extensions will no longer function in Microsoft Edge even with the use of Enterprise policies. |

> 

Reviewer: even if my comment is right in specifying 2025 for Enterprise Policy, maybe the spirit of this PR is to improve article to specify June 2024 for other scenarios.  So maybe add a clear sentence to differentiate that scenario.

todo: see if live version of this article links at all to Chromium timeline page - first inspection gave negative results on that.

> Manifest V2 extensions will continue to be supported through Enterprise policies at least until Chromium Manifest V2 support timeline (which is currently June 2024). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Manifest V2 extensions will continue to be supported through Enterprise policies at least until a year after Chromium Manifest V2 support timeline.  Per the Chromium Manifest V2 support timeline, Manifest V2 extensions will be disabled as early as June 2024.
```
tech review this Suggestion.  line 44 specifies in particular "Enterprise".  @captainbrosset - could you pls check this wording against:
https://developer.chrome.com/blog/resuming-the-transition-to-mv3#the_phase-out_timeline
which reads: 
We will begin disabling Manifest V2 extensions in pre-stable versions of Chrome (Dev, Canary, and Beta) as early as June 2024,
..
Enterprises using the ExtensionManifestV2Availability policy to ensure the continued functioning of Manifest V2 extensions in their organization will have one additional year - until June 2025 - to migrate the Manifest V2 extensions in their organization.

I was looking for Siv's username, to review this, and I lost v1 of this comment, so asking you.

Reviewer: live article has a link to a timeline:

Meanwhile, please refer to the [Chromium timelines](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/extensions/mv3/mv2-sunset/) for planning your extension's migration.

"Manifest V2 support timeline"
https://developer.chrome.com/docs/extensions/mv3/mv2-sunset/ 

Two problems - I should push a commit to fix them:
* Link text must match destination title, else confusing nav.
* per style guide, usually omit "please", w/ rare exceptions.

Reviewer: pushed commit that's a rewrite of article
